README.md, before:

# gdnative-doc

[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://github.com/arnaudgolfouse/gdnative-doc-rs/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Latest Version](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/gdnative-doc.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/gdnative-doc)
[![Docs Status](https://docs.rs/gdnative-doc/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/gdnative-doc)

This is a documentation tool for [godot-rust](https://github.com/godot-rust/godot-rust) projects.

**WARNING:** very unstable at the moment.

The goal of this tool is to automate writing documentation in Rust code that will be used in gdscript.

## Features

- Keep the documentation synchronized with your code.
- Generate readable and easy to change markdown
- Build table of contents automatically.
- Automatic linking to the [godot documentation](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/index.html).
- Generate [gut](https://github.com/bitwes/Gut) tests from gdscript examples.

## Example

An example: `process` function

- Input: Rust

  ````rust
  /// Process the given [`String`], returning [`FAILED`] on error.
  ///
  /// # Example
  /// ```gdscript
  /// var processor = Myprocessor.new()
  /// assert_eq(processor.process("hello"), OK)
  /// ```
  #[method]
  pub fn process(&mut self, _: &Node, s: GodotString) -> i32 { /* ... */ }
  ````

- Output: Markdown

  ````markdown
  ### <a id="func-process"></a>func process(s: [String]) -> [int]

  Process the given [`String`], returning [`FAILED`] on error.

  #### Example

  ```gdscript
  var processor = Myprocessor.new()
  assert_eq(processor.process("hello"), OK)
  ```

  [string]: https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/classes/class_string.html
  [`string`]: https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/classes/class_string.html
  [int]: https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/classes/class_int.html
  [`failed`]: https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/classes/class_@globalscope.html#enum-globalscope-error
  ````

- Output: Gut

  ```gdscript
  func test_process():
      var processor = Myprocessor.new()
      assert_eq(processor.process("hello"), OK)
  ```

A more complete example can be found in the [examples/dijkstra-map-gd](examples/dijkstra-map-gd) directory.

## Usage

This is meant to be used as a [build script](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/build-scripts.html): Set

```toml
[build-dependencies]
gdnative-doc = "*"
```

In your Cargo.toml. Then you can drive the process with the `Builder` structure:

```rust
// in build.rs
use gdnative_doc::{backend::BuiltinBackend, init_logger, Builder, LevelFilter};
use std::path::PathBuf;

fn main() -> Result<(), Box<dyn std::error::Error>> {
    init_logger(LevelFilter::Info)?;
    Builder::new()
        .add_backend(BuiltinBackend::Markdown, PathBuf::from("doc/markdown"))
        .build()?;
    Ok(())
}
```

More informations can be found in the [documentation](https://docs.rs/gdnative-doc).

The format of the configuration file can be found [here](configuration_file-format.md).

You can also use the [command-line tool](gdnative-doc-cli).

### Godot version

For now, every godot class has its 3.2 name (although links take you to the current stable version). This should be fixed in the future.

## Limitations

At the moment, [syn](https://crates.io/crates/syn) is used to parse rust and search for the `struct` and `impl`s. This is not optimal however and might sometime mess up link resolution.
[rust-analyzer](https://github.com/rust-analyzer/rust-analyzer) libraries will probably be used in the future to avoid this.

Commit message:

Allow other godot versions.
Users can now select between the "3.2", "3.3", "3.4" and "3.5" godot
version.

README.md, after:

# gdnative-doc

[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://github.com/arnaudgolfouse/gdnative-doc-rs/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Latest Version](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/gdnative-doc.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/gdnative-doc)
[![Docs Status](https://docs.rs/gdnative-doc/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/gdnative-doc)

This is a documentation tool for [godot-rust](https://github.com/godot-rust/godot-rust) projects.

**WARNING:** very unstable at the moment.

The goal of this tool is to automate writing documentation in Rust code that will be used in gdscript.

## Features

- Keep the documentation synchronized with your code.
- Generate readable and easy to change markdown
- Build table of contents automatically.
- Automatic linking to the [godot documentation](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/index.html).
- Generate [gut](https://github.com/bitwes/Gut) tests from gdscript examples.

## Example

An example: `process` function

- Input: Rust

  ````rust
  /// Process the given [`String`], returning [`FAILED`] on error.
  ///
  /// # Example
  /// ```gdscript
  /// var processor = Myprocessor.new()
  /// assert_eq(processor.process("hello"), OK)
  /// ```
  #[method]
  pub fn process(&mut self, _: &Node, s: GodotString) -> i32 { /* ... */ }
  ````

- Output: Markdown

  ````markdown
  ### <a id="func-process"></a>func process(s: [String]) -> [int]

  Process the given [`String`], returning [`FAILED`] on error.

  #### Example

  ```gdscript
  var processor = Myprocessor.new()
  assert_eq(processor.process("hello"), OK)
  ```

  [string]: https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/classes/class_string.html
  [`string`]: https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/classes/class_string.html
  [int]: https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/classes/class_int.html
  [`failed`]: https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/classes/class_@globalscope.html#enum-globalscope-error
  ````

- Output: Gut

  ```gdscript
  func test_process():
      var processor = Myprocessor.new()
      assert_eq(processor.process("hello"), OK)
  ```

A more complete example can be found in the [examples/dijkstra-map-gd](examples/dijkstra-map-gd) directory.

## Usage

This is meant to be used as a [build script](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/build-scripts.html): Set

```toml
[build-dependencies]
gdnative-doc = "*"
```

In your Cargo.toml. Then you can drive the process with the `Builder` structure:

```rust
// in build.rs
use gdnative_doc::{backend::BuiltinBackend, init_logger, Builder, LevelFilter};
use std::path::PathBuf;

fn main() -> Result<(), Box<dyn std::error::Error>> {
    init_logger(LevelFilter::Info)?;
    Builder::new()
        .add_backend(BuiltinBackend::Markdown, PathBuf::from("doc/markdown"))
        .build()?;
    Ok(())
}
```

More informations can be found in the [documentation](https://docs.rs/gdnative-doc).

The format of the configuration file can be found [here](configuration_file-format.md).

You can also use the [command-line tool](gdnative-doc-cli).

### Godot version

Supported godot versions are `3.2`, `3.3`, `3.4` and `3.5`. By default, `3.5` will be selected. To select another version, use the `godot_version` field of the configuration file.

## Limitations

At the moment, [syn](https://crates.io/crates/syn) is used to parse rust and search for the `struct` and `impl`s. This is not optimal however and might sometime mess up link resolution.
[rust-analyzer](https://github.com/rust-analyzer/rust-analyzer) libraries will probably be used in the future to avoid this.
